CSS property: value section intro (#44867)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/writing-mode/index.md

sidebar: cssref
---

> The **`writing-mode`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.

Reviewer: Just because I read this as "stops progress"

```suggestion
The **`writing-mode`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which text flows.
```
